clarify internal hostnames will break curl (#174)
silverstripe/cwp: docs/en/03_How_tos/external_http_requests_with_proxy.md

You can look up the implementation details in the `CwpInitialisationFilter` in the `cwp-core` module.

> ## known limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known limitations
```

> Requests to internally resolving cwp hostnames will fail to connect when using the proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requests to internally resolved CWP hostnames will fail to connect when using the proxy.
```

> Additionally requests over https e.i. https://yourstack-uat.cwp.govt.nz  will fail to work at all. We reccomend adding a custom domain to the stack via the [CWP Service Desk](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/service-desk) and using that instead i.e. yourstack-test.govt.nz 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally requests over https (eg. https://yourstack-uat.cwp.govt.nz) will fail to work at all. We recommend adding a custom domain to the stack via the [CWP Service Desk](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/service-desk) and using that instead (eg. yourstack-test.govt.nz) 
```

> Additionally requests over https (i.e. https://yourstack-uat.cwp.govt.nz)  will fail to connect to the webserver via the cwp proxy and will fail without using the proxy too. We reccomend adding a custom domain to the stack via the [CWP Service Desk](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/service-desk) and using that instead (i.e. yourstack-test.govt.nz) so that the request is resolved via external DNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally requests over https (i.e. https://yourstack-uat.cwp.govt.nz) will fail to connect to the webserver via the CWP proxy and will fail without using the proxy too. We recommend adding a custom domain to the stack via the [CWP Service Desk](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/service-desk) and using that instead (i.e. yourstack-test.govt.nz). This will ensure that the request is resolved via external DNS.
```

>will fail to connect to the webserver via the CWP proxy and will fail without using the proxy too

If it fails in both cases, I don't think it's worth including this sentence

Reviewer 2: Just this from me outstanding: "If it fails in both cases, I don't think it's worth including this sentence"

Reviewer: I think in context of the previous line it makes sense.
